OCI layout spec changes (#352)
buildpacks/spec: platform.md

  [-stack <stack> ] \
  [-tag <tag>...] \
  [-uid <uid>] \

>   [-layout] \ # analize images in OCI layout format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [-layout] \ # sets <layout>
```

Reviewer: Could we add this after `-layers`, to keep the list sorted alphabetically?

Reviewer: Do we need to add `-layout-dir` as an additional input? With env `CNB_LAYOUT_DIR`?

| `<layers>`        | `CNB_LAYERS_DIR`      | `/layers`                | Path to layers directory
| `<image>`         |                       |                          | Tag reference to which the app image will be written
| `<launch-cache>`  | `CNB_LAUNCH_CACHE_DIR`|                          | Path to a cache directory containing launch layers

> | `<layout>`        | `CNB_USE_OCI_LAYOUT`  | false                   | Enables the capability of resolving image from/to in OCI layout format on disk|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `<layout>`        | `CNB_USE_LAYOUT`  | false                   | Analyze image from OCI layout directory |
```

Reviewer: Suggest `CNB_USE_OCI_LAYOUT` -> `CNB_USE_LAYOUT` to keep it terse and mirror `-daemon`

| `<group>`       | `CNB_GROUP_PATH`     | `<layers>/group.toml`    | Path to group definition (see [`group.toml`](#grouptoml-toml))                                    |
| `<kaniko-dir>`  |                      |                          | Kaniko directory (must be `/kaniko`)                                                              |
| `<layers>`      | `CNB_LAYERS_DIR`     | `/layers`                | Path to layers directory                                                                          |

> | `<layout>`      | `CNB_USE_OCI_LAYOUT`  | false                   | Enables the capability of resolving image from/to in OCI layout format on disk|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `<layout>`      | `CNB_USE_LAYOUT`  | false                   Analyze image from OCI layout directory |
```

| `<launcher>`                    |                             | `/cnb/lifecycle/launcher`        | Path to the `launcher` executable                                                          |
| `<launcher-sbom>`               |                             | `/cnb/lifecycle`                 | Path to directory containing SBOM files describing the `launcher` executable               |
| `<layers>`                      | `CNB_LAYERS_DIR`            | `/layers`                        | Path to layer directory                                                                    |

> | `<layout>`                      | `CNB_USE_OCI_LAYOUT`       | false               | Enables the capability of resolving image from/to in OCI layout format on disk             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `<layout>`                      | `CNB_USE_LAYOUT`       | false               | Analyze image from OCI layout directory |
```

For more information on build reproducibility see [https://reproducible-builds.org/](https://reproducible-builds.org/)

> ### Map an image reference into a path in the layout repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Map an image reference to a path in the layout directory
```

> Considering an **image reference** refers to either a tag reference or digest reference. It could have the following formats

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An **image reference** refers to either a **tag reference** or a **digest reference**:
```

- A tag reference refers to an identifier of form `<registry>/<repo>/<image>:<tag>`
- A digest reference refers to a content addressable identifier of form `<registry>/<repo>/<image>@<algorithm>:<digest>`

> The image look up will be done following these rules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image reference will be mapped to a path in the layout directory following these rules:
```

>   - WHEN `the image points to a tag reference`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **If** the image points to a tag reference:
```

>     - Lifecycle will load/save the image from/to disk in [OCI Image Layout](https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/blob/main/image-layout.md) format at `<layout-dir>/<registry>/<repo>/<image>/<tag>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The path MUST be `<layout-dir>/<registry>/<repo>/<image>/<tag>`
```

>   - WHEN `the image points to a digest reference`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Else if** the image points to a digest reference:
```

>     - Lifecycle will load the image from disk in [OCI Image Layout](https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/blob/main/image-layout.md) format at `<layout-dir>/<registry>/<repo>/<image>/<algorithm>/<digest>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The path MUST be `<layout-dir>/<registry>/<repo>/<image>/<algorithm>/<digest>`
```

Where:
- `previous-image.reference` MUST be either a digest reference to an image in an OCI registry or the ID of an image in a docker daemon

>   - In case an image in [OCI Image Layout](https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/blob/main/image-layout.md) format is being used, it will also include the path of the image in OCI layout format following the rules describe [previously](#how-to-map-an-image-reference-into-a-path-in-the-layout-repository) 
>   - The format MUST be as follows: `[path]@[digest]`  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I can't suggest edits to the line above as it didn't change, but I would put:

```
- `previous-image.reference` MUST be either:
  - A digest reference to an image in an OCI registry
  - The ID of an image in a docker daemon
  - The path to an image in OCI layout format
```

Why does it say `[path]@[digest]` when the mapping rules state `Lifecycle will load the image from disk in [OCI Image Layout](https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/blob/main/image-layout.md) format at `<layout-dir>/<registry>/<repo>/<image>/<algorithm>/<digest>` (digest is part of the path)

Author: Well, remember previously I had a field `Name`? I removed that one in order to keep the existing one `Reference`, the reference is filled with the `Image.Identifier()` method. because, OCI layout requires the path I changed the implementation of `layout.Image.Identifier()` according to the talk we had in this [thread](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C0331B5QS02/p1674761476209019)

Author: Definitly the digest is not required, even thought it can be use to validate the correctness of the run-image, I added because the other two cases (daemon, registry) had some kind of ID

- `run-image.reference` MUST be either a digest reference to an image in an OCI registry or the ID of an image in a docker daemon

>   - In case an image in [OCI Image Layout](https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/blob/main/image-layout.md) format is being used, it will also include the path of the image in OCI layout format following the rules describe [previously](#how-to-map-an-image-reference-into-a-path-in-the-layout-repository) 
>   - The format MUST be as follows: `[path]@[digest]`  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

See comment above, I'd suggest

```
- `run-image.reference` MUST be either:
  - A digest reference to an image in an OCI registry
  - The ID of an image in a docker daemon
  - The path to an image in OCI layout format
```
